# Contributions
If you want to upload pull requests and contribute to Anedext, ensure that your contributions
have reasoning and their implementation explained.

For software contributions, testing should be performed, in addition to the explanation of the contribution, to validate functionality; evidence 
of testing is required, and may be presented in the pull request itself in the form of an addition to the project 
root's 'Test' directory with documentation of the tests performed, or by directly messaging me about it.

Testing should involve some means of logic and memory validation, in addition to a given explanation and purpose of the test.

The test format my vary, but it should take the form of a written logical sequence of ordered steps taken to test the 
contributions (I'll implement a test library at some point); an example of the structure may be found in the
[Tests directory][3]. Note that a 'description' is what you did to do the test, with the 'purpose' being the reasoning for
doing it. If you don't upload any testing, I won't merge the request.

In my mind, to keep the project size small, I should remove tests from the test directory after a merge; I'm stuck between
whether or not I should keep the tests, because they may be helpful, but I'll see how it goes, so for now, upload tests to
the test directory for review.

Please note that I won't merge mindlessly 'vibed' code generated by a language model or other such
program categorised under [artificial intelligence][2] used for the purpose of code generation; you can use
inline development tooling like language server protocols, debuggers, et cetera, given that they don't
generate code on explicit, or otherwise implicit, request. I have it that this rule be paramount to the 
development of Anedext.

# Issues
Because of the current state of the project, and that this is really just a learning experience, I don't really 
expect these, but issues should be made through [Github Issues][1]. Provide screenshots and descriptions to 
demo the issue both visually and verbally; ensure that descriptions of the problem are well informed, make 
logical sense, and actually infer to the editor itself. If you're not sure if the problem relates to Anedext, 
either message me, or please think again before creating an issue.

[1]: github.com/Calm1403/Anedext/issues
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence
[3]: https://github.com/Calm1403/Anedext/tree/main/Tests
